[All Hosts] (sso) add configuration for unified manifest (#4550)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/sso-in-office-add-ins.md

### Configure the add-in

> Your manifest must provide Office with certain information about how the add-in is registered in Microsoft Entra. The configurtion depends on which type of manifest the add-in uses. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your manifest must provide Office with certain information about how the add-in is registered in Microsoft Entra ID. The configuration depends on which type of manifest the add-in uses. 
```

# [Unified manifest](#tab/jsonmanifest)

> There should be a "webApplicationInfo" property in the root of the manifest. It has a required child "id" property which must be set to the application ID (a GUID) of the add-in in Microsoft Entra. For SSO, it must also have a child "resource" property that is set to the URI of the add-in. This is the same **Application ID URI** (including the `api:` protocol) that you set when you registered the add-in with Microsoft Entra. The URI must end with the client ID specified in the "webApplicationInfo.id" property. The following is an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There should be a "webApplicationInfo" property in the root of the manifest. It has a required child "id" property which must be set to the application ID (a GUID) of the add-in in the Microsoft identity platform. For SSO, it must also have a child "resource" property that is set to the URI of the add-in. This is the same **Application ID URI** (including the `api:` protocol) that you set when you registered the add-in with the Microsoft identity platform. The URI must end with the client ID specified in the "webApplicationInfo.id" property. The following is an example:
```

```json
"webApplicationInfo": {
	"id": "a661fed9-f33d-4e95-b6cf-624a34a2f51d",
	"resource": "api://addin.contoso.com/a661fed9-f33d-4e95-b6cf-624a34a2f51d"
},
```

> [!NOTE]

> > Experienced add-in developers should note that, unlike the XML manifest, you don't specify the Azure Active Directory or Microsoft Graph permissions that the add-in needs in the unified manifest. Request permissions in your runtime code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> There is no corresponding JSON entry for the **\<Scopes\>** element. Microsoft Graph and other API permissions are requested at runtime in your code.
```

Author: ```suggestion
> Experienced add-in developers should note that, there is no unified manifest property corresponding to the **\<Scopes\>** element in the XML manifest. Microsoft Graph and other API permissions are requested at runtime in your code.
```

> > Experienced add-in developers should note that, there is no unified manifest property corresponding to the **\<Scopes\>** element in the XML manifest. Microsoft Graph and other API permissions are requested at runtime in your code.

Reviewer: You don't have to actually request the scopes in your code do you? If so I don't know if we document how to do that.

Author: > You don't have to actually request the scopes in your code do you? If so I don't know if we document how to do that.

It's doc'd in our samples: 
It depends on the framework being used. For example, in our [Office-Add-in-Microsoft-Graph-ASPNET](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples/blob/main/Samples/auth/Office-Add-in-Microsoft-Graph-ASPNET/Office-Add-in-Microsoft-Graph-ASPNETWeb/Controllers/AzureADAuthController.cs) sample, it's done with the following C# code:

 // Generate the parameterized URL for Azure login.
 string[] graphScopes = { "Files.Read.All", "User.Read" };
 var urlBuilder = clientApp.GetAuthorizationRequestUrl(graphScopes);
 urlBuilder.WithRedirectUri(loginRedirectUri.ToString());
 urlBuilder.WithAuthority(Settings.AzureADAuthority);
 urlBuilder.WithExtraQueryParameters("state=" + authState);
 var authUrl = await urlBuilder.ExecuteAsync(System.Threading.CancellationToken.None);
         
 // Redirect the browser to the login page, then come back to the Authorize method below.
 return Redirect(authUrl.ToString());
Here's how it's done in one of our MSAL based samples: [excel-create-worksheet-from-web-site](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples/blob/2a9356ce6513088977156201e7a381dbb2469efd/Samples/excel-create-worksheet-from-web-site/WebApplication/App/authConfig.js#L56)

/**
 * Scopes you add here will be prompted for user consent during sign-in.
 * By default, MSAL.js will add OIDC scopes (openid, profile, email) to any login request.
 * For more information about OIDC scopes, visit: 
 * https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-permissions-and-consent#openid-connect-scopes
 */
const loginRequest = {
    scopes: ["User.Read Files.ReadWrite"]
};
